User Management
=========

# ./user\_management/README

A role that sets manages the state of users.

append is default true!
if create home is true an ssl key is generated by default

Requirements
------------

Any pre-requisites that may not be covered by Ansible itself or the role should be mentioned here. For instance, if the role uses the EC2 module, it may be a good idea to mention in this section that the boto package is required.

Role Variables
--------------

username: jseniordev
comment: dev, sysadmin
uid: 1000
primary\_group: jseniordev
secondary\_groups: docker, dev, wheel
append\_groups: true
home: /home/jseniordev
create\_home: false
generate\_ssh\_key: false
shell\_path: /bin/bash
generate\_password: false
state: present
delete\_user\_folders: false
force: false


------------

A list of other roles hosted on Galaxy should go here, plus any details in regards to parameters that may need to be set for other roles, or variables that are used from other roles.

Example Playbook
----------------

Including an example of how to use your role (for instance, with variables passed in as parameters) is always nice for users too:


Add Users
=========
,,,also updates user groups
...the first example shows some of the defaults

- hosts: servers
  tasks:
    - name: Add Users
      include_role: 
        name: jbister.user_management
      vars: 
	"{{ item }}"
      loop:
        - username: jseniordev
          groups:
    	    - docker
	    - dev
	    - wheel
          create_home: false
       
          # update user to have developer configuration specified in user_management/vars/group_dev
        - username: waynedev
          groups: "{{ userdev.groups }}"
          append: true (this is default behavior in MY role, is it in yours? be careful with things like this. read the docs! for some strange reason the default is FALSE in ansible 2.9!)

Remove Users
============
- hosts: servers
  tasks:
    - name: Remove User
      include_role:
	name: jbister.user_management
      vars: 
        username: {{ item }}
	delete: true
      loop: 
	- jseniordev
	- waynedev
	

License
-------

MIT

Author Information
------------------

joshua bister
jbister@redhat.com
